Oh my gosh, welcome to Meltdown Comics in the Nerdmelt Theater.
It is my pleasure to announce that Harmontown is once again in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, my dear friend, Mr. Dan Harmon.
I got a friend basket on my left, did some apple sauce on the right.
Close enough.
I came up a different way.
Yeah.
For those of you at home.
I went to a party tonight.
So I'm a little drunk.
Stop it.
Don't encourage it.
You're 20 and I'm 40.
It's not charismatic for me.
Well, keep hitching your wagon to that star, my friend.
I will be 60.
I'll be under a bridge.
You'll be 40.
You'll have your own podcast.
It'll make you nothing.
And we'll just keep this conveyor belt into a meat grinder.
Like a pig-flavored-the-wall animation.
I saw you, Dan, right before you left to this party and you were saying, Jeff, we were at a bar and Dan said, I'm not good with strangers.
You were worried about meeting your neighbor and he Google mapped where the party was and he found out that the house was the house right behind his backyard.
So how did it go?
Yeah, neighborly.
But there was a point at the party where I found out that this lady who was hosting the party, we were talking about wine and patios and cats.
I'm going to guess she was white.
That's on you, my friend, but you are correct.
Just a guess.
She let it drop and not in the way that you're used to it getting dropped.
It got dropped that she had survived a tremendous brain tumor.
I'm too drunk to recall how organically it got scooted in.
She wasn't like, hey, that's my calling card.
She was cool with it.
She had survived it.
It was part of her life, absolutely.
So it accidentally arrived in the conversation and nothing could be more fascinating than you, to me, find that out.
Holy shit, tell me more.
How does that start?
What does it feel like?
What's going on?
So I'm talking to a person who has had, she got under her iPhone.
She had iPhone photos of a golf ball sized meatball that was in her head, just center of it, like a cartoon.
Like a profile of her skull and then from the top and then from the side.
You could see it right in the middle of her fucking brain, just a golf ball size.
What are you writing down?
Today's date.
Am I boring you?
This woman.
I had a couple drinks.
I was in great proofs of comedy special at Mousseau and Frank's and there was gin to be had and I'm happy to say it.
There were tumor stories to be had at this party.
I wrote down today's date.
I wrote down 7, 13, 13 question mark.
Is that right?
14?
Okay, fuck all you people.
Anyways, 14 and I'm crossing out the question mark.
The only reason I wanted to tell the story is because of this curious social phenomenon.
I'm standing on a patio.
The hostess has revealed I'm headlong into kind of deposing her about her experience because this is something that I'm unbelievable.
This happened to you.
You survived it.
Tell me more.
How did you find out?
There was another guy there, another neighbor.
I hope he doesn't start listening to the podcast tonight.
And this isn't on him.
This is on me.
But it was like halfway through me kind of like getting more information from her about this meatball that was in her head that she had survived.
This God struck lightning bolt.
She's walking around.
She's hanging out.
She's eating cheese with us.
But at one point, Zeus had tried as hard as he could.
The guy goes, he said, I think this is verbatim, he said, it's just like my wife.
And I was like, okay, all right, swivel over to him.
Slippery slope.
Then he started talking about how his wife had been in a car accident.
And he started describing the absolutely brutal details of this car accident that involved also her children were in the car.
There was no question that he had total, there was no, yes, it's great.
All I could think the entire time was go fuck yourself.
Fuck you, party guy with your wife accident.
Talking to the tumor lady.
That's my only point.
I just found myself, like this has nothing to do with good people, bad people, anything.
It's just like the weirdest human phenomenon.
I've got a glass of chablis, I'm going to talk to this lady, survive this thing, it's growing.
And then they MRI'd and then they radio activated.
Well, my wife was there, the babies were bleeding and there was bacon on the highway.
And all of a sudden, all of a sudden there's a good guy and a bad guy in the story.
I'm just like, fuck this guy, fuck this guy.
I can't wait to go to the bathroom and talk shit about him.
What a piece of shit, fucking wife in a car accident, fucking cocksucker.
I just think that's a funny human phenomenon.
I'm sure he's not lying, but I knew he was a bad person.
I went to a charity thing a couple of years ago and it was for children.
Fuck you, Jeff, I'm talking about the tumor lady.
See what he's trying to do?
No, I was at a thing for a charity for children that had been burned.
And I was sitting at a table, there were firemen there and they have a lot invested in that
they are involved in the accidents that happen when people get burned.
And so it's a very emotional thing.
And there was a woman there I talked to and she goes, fuck this, I fucking hate this fucking charity.
She was so bummed out about it.
Fucking burnt people.
Because she told me, I was like, why?
What's your stakes in this?
And she's like, I have a child that was born with an illness from birth.
She never had a chance.
Every child had a chance to not get burned.
And I was like, interesting.
I thought she was going to say, she was saying, this is a bullshit charity.
I was like, I can't root for anything anymore forever.
See, that's very interesting though.
It's like, where do you, do you ever walk down the sidewalk, you go into the grocery
store, it's three in the morning, you're, all right, midnight, whatever you fucking,
you're going to get pencil supplies, whatever.
Me, I'm going to get a bottle opener.
You hear a little meow, meow, meow, and you look and there's a little, there's a little
raggedy little dirt covered MacGuffin, like a little, inside the drugstore.
No, just another, like one of a million stray cats, like just like, meow, meow, meow, meow.
Like, you know it's going to die if you don't, or maybe it won't, or it'll end up in a shelter.
Like, the only, you, then you pull back in your head and you imagine a map of Los Angeles
and you go, okay, what if every stray cat in Los Angeles was a little red dot?
The map of Los Angeles, as far as you could pull back, would be a giant red dot.
There is just a, it's just a condition.
It's misery, feline misery.
So you think that about the human condition too, and it's like, it's, it is so weird.
You go to a camp for kids who have been burnt.
How can you not be on the side of that?
When your life has been affected by something other than that.
Other than that.
And it's not, it's like, the neuronal heroes are villains, it's crazy.
They look like, like, like, like, what fucking charity do you give to?
If you, if you find a billion dollars under a rock tomorrow, you know,
like, like, like, like, ugh, there's just like, like, uncharismatic sort of fire
that keeps raging where you squirt your little fire hose at it.
That's called poverty.
Hunger.
It's the thought that counts me.
And then there's the charismatic tragedies with the human phases on them.
I don't know.
What is the most charismatic tragedy?
I mean, let's, let's bring tragedies in terms of charisma.
Well, it's, it's, it's antigeria.
It's the opposite of progeria.
It's old people.
They slowly become so adorable that they die.
It's what's more important.
They get sucked up back inside a uterus.
Yeah.
And it's like, fuck you guys.
But it's very tragic, but you can't tell from looking at it.
I want to bring a friend to the stage because he, he's got a heart in and a heart out.
And he's, he's, he's got a heart in and a heart out.
Yeah.
He's dropping in by parachute and then he's rolling out like on a bayonet.
I don't, I don't do, I don't do good interviews and I don't do good introductions.
Let's just bring him up.
Maniac is here.
Sorry.
Welcome to my poorly formatted show.
I'm sorry.
Thank you so much.
I listened to yours today.
I listened to episode 11 of your podcast, getting it on with James.
Are you getting on?
Getting on.
Not getting it on.
Getting it on.
It's very different.
It's called heart in and heart out.
So James abandoned it.
Your most recent episode is lockdown.
And it's, it's true.
It's, it's great.
Like, like, like there's lots of podcasts out there that look super ego comes to mind.
It's just an experience.
Like there are people like me who are just dumping their dumb narcissistic asses into
a microphone and like pumping it out there.
And that's great too.
That's, that's worthy of something.
There's a technique to your neurotic spluttering.
Somehow Bert children are being helped right now by me doing this.
But then there is the actual use of the medium, which is so charismatic and so envy inducing
when I listen to, I listen to that thing and it's fucking fast and tight and amazing and
purely driven by your resonant tones.
You're, you're, you're Dr. Venture from Venture Brothers.
You, you, you, you are a professional voice actor.
You know what's for sale when you talk into a microphone and I'm just.
Thank you, Dan.
Yeah.
And this, and this thing, there's 11 episodes of it.
Please click on them and listen.
It's a fictional podcast.
Yeah.
Tell a little stories in every episode.
It's just like little short plays, but the idea is that it's James Rabani acts podcast,
but each month James Rabani act could be a different character and they give it in circumstances
of his life are completely different.
And so there, it's basically me like talking about stuff, but like sometimes I'm sort of
myself, but like in the one you just listened to, I'm the captain of a spaceship.
Yeah.
And then like this one where I'm a drunken college professor who just got fired.
There's another one where I'm a guy who just experienced a personal tragedy.
Just tying it together with the theme of this show.
Yeah.
And that one gets like really dark and so like, but it started out just because I wanted to
just make something in my house.
That was easy.
I mean, relatively easy to make and just put it out there.
And then I asked a bunch of writer friends to write for it.
And then I've been writing with the right, my writing partner, Brie Williams.
And we've written like three of them so far, including the space one.
That's pretty great.
Easy to, easy to subscribe to.
And yeah.
And it's on the Farrell audio.com with the Harmontown.
It's part of the Farrell family of stars.
You know, there's a lot of very interesting things in the Farrell audio network.
We're doing a new thing where we take a little break and do a Farrell audio.
Oh, I didn't get that the point of that transition.
It's an experimental thing.
It was my idea.
I thought you were sending up that kind of plug.
No, no.
Do you want a musical theme for that?
No, no, I think it's better to just have silence and then you go with that.
Okay.
Farrell audio.
Let's talk about these kids for a second.
I mean.
Farrell audio.
I mean, sure, if you're a burnt kid.
My favorite audio.
And there are groups of people out there who have it worst.
You know, burnt kids and people with tumors and things, but Farrell audio makes no money.
They're just a collective of brilliant people doing podcasting just for the fuck of it.
That's right.
They're good people.
Because young Dustin is about the work.
Yeah.
He just hangs out.
Dustin Marshall everybody.
The founder of Farrell audio.
Only 12 years old.
He's only 12 years old.
People don't know that about Dustin Marshall.
Great Mark Cap and headphones.
He's never without him.
He's like a cartoon character.
When you take the headphones off.
He was orphaned in 1892.
See him walking up and down Franklin Avenue in his Cap and headphones.
Listening to podcasts.
His life truly, his headstone will say.
Dustin Marshall, Dustin Marshall.
He's a little newsy.
Headphones and a hat.
D.
I was going to do a rap bridge for that.
I do a rap bridge.
D.
To the U.
To the S.
To the T.
To the I.
That's it.
That was your spelling.
That's a very popular rap trope.
Spelling.
But the two though, yeah.
Yeah.
Dustin Marshall's headstone will definitely have the words extra, extra on them.
They'll have little stone headphones over the headstone.
Read all about it.
There'll be real headphones.
You can hear his plaintive wails from beyond the grave.
Yeah, you can put them up.
I'm alive!
Kevin, you rose buds while he made.
I'm down here trying to court Marc Maron.
Marc Maron, did he go over to Marc Maron's grave and he's like, I don't need you.
It's a gold brush right now, the podcast industry.
Erbaniak, you played Crumb in The Moving Arts Splendor.
Yeah, I did.
Yeah, that was exciting.
Was there any direction?
Did you research?
Well, when that audition came in, you know, you audition for these things as an actor
and usually you go, well, I'll do the best I can.
But that audition came in, it was 2001, that audition came in on the answering machine.
We had answering machines back then.
So this is the exposition from your mom when you come in, like your cat woman.
Oh, James, what are you going to make of that girl?
Yeah, exactly, the answering machine trope.
And then they said, you audition with The Moving Arts Splendor to play Robert Crumb
and I thought, that part is mine.
No one else is more qualified.
I'm thin, I'm tall, I'm an amateur cartoonist.
I saw Crumb.
I saw Crumb and I'm a fan of his work.
I have a hat like that.
Was Crumb out, Crumb had been out, did you?
Oh my God, I saw Crumb and it came out, that's a masterpiece, that movie.
Oh, that's amazing.
And then I watched that like a loop, then I auditioned.
No, and the auditions for American Splendor were September 10th, 2001, 9-10.
Then what happened?
Then the callback was like six weeks later.
I had to wait forever.
It's true, the auditions were in downtown New York.
The auditions were in downtown New York at Canal Street at Good Machine
and it was illegal to go downtown for like four weeks.
Yeah, it was fucking terrorists.
They almost fucked up by getting that book.
Was 9-11 an inside job?
I gave you a real good segue there and it's true.
I just watched two documentaries today and I've become, I've gone from...
I walked into the drawing room earlier today and Dan was sitting next to Dino
and Dan was clearly in the middle of a rant about the melting point of steel.
Yes.
I've become one of these people.
Is that conspiracy guy, what's his face?
Barky McGee, you know, the one who's always...
McGrath?
Who's the famous conspiracy guy?
Who's the crime dog?
Alex Jones, thank you. Barky McGee, I call him.
Was he in these documentaries, Alex Jones?
Alex, no, I don't...
Alright, because he just makes the living like making shit up.
But back in the day, anybody who was talking about the boiling point of metal
and the pancake and all this shit, I was so turned off by that stuff
because it was precisely because it was like, you know what, no, there's not a fucking...
I don't want to romanticize this.
This is an actual Jesus Christ.
These people died and it's a fucking big deal
and more importantly, it's about the government's kind of ineptitude.
I wanted to...
I remember being in therapy sessions and saying to therapists, like,
yeah, I'm just angry about this.
These people, they didn't do anything.
We pay our taxes.
You're supposed to be in this no fly zone.
I thought you were supposed to clip your Dilbert cartoons
and have your coupons for cat food.
I thought the whole exchange was supposed to ultimately have to do with security.
But no, you can just go...
I was mad about it back then. I was mad.
And I never wanted to hear anybody saying, like,
well, you know, they never...
like 77 is the kind of metal that on the plane of the tail couldn't have...
I was like, those people are quacks.
I don't want to talk to those people because they're trying to JFK-ify
something that is actually deeply patriotic,
spiritual, like, important, personal.
But now I start just today.
I guess, like, maybe I hit some tipping point or...
I don't know, maybe...
What did you watch?
I watched these just weird documentaries, whatever was available.
I don't know what happened to me today.
I just drifted into some weird cloud.
Maybe it's because of the community.
Like, I was just looking for an escape.
I was looking for the pressures.
You know, I just wanted a Sunday to just, like, escape into a cloud.
You should get fired again.
That would help. That would help.
I watched this documentary called Press for Truth,
I think it was called, or Press...
And then another one that was called Zero.
The latter is the more, like, sci-fi,
kind of like, what's the melting point of steel kind of stuff.
Press for Truth is actually kind of impressive
because it's very deeply personal.
It's about the, like, the wives of victims, like, going,
just, like, on a human level.
They're just going, they're not saying,
I think that spaghetti was the motivation.
Like, they're just saying,
no one's giving us a satisfactory answer.
Anyways, guys, what do you think?
I don't know.
What's their theory?
Well, there's a...
In the first one, there was, like, this huge thing about Pakistan.
I'm sorry, the kumail's not here to...
To be bummed out.
There's, like, all this...
I can't keep track of it. Your head starts to spin.
That's the thing that conspiracy theorists have as an advantage.
Is this the thing where they're saying,
oh, well, it was the American government did it themselves?
Well, certainly the second of the two,
the one that's called Zero, yeah, it's all about...
Yeah, absolutely the implication is that it's an inside job.
Dan, if you had to guess right now,
with what limited information and intelligence that you have,
as is my job.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not saying you have to be right,
but if you had to go from your gut with what facts,
information you currently have,
what do you think happened?
Honestly, I swear to God, I'm not kidding.
Like, I don't... I have no idea.
I don't know. I swear to God.
Do you think a plane hit the Pentagon?
God damn it.
Now I've watched these two things today.
I would have... Yesterday, I would have said...
From your gut, Dan, TMZ is not here.
Yesterday, I would have said, yes, there is no gut.
That's the problem.
Like, there is no... I watched two documentaries today.
Here's the problem with conspiracy theorists.
They're still processing with what's going on.
Conspiracy theorists, like, they're a dangerous...
that's a dangerous industry.
They get to leave out things that don't service them.
Like, there's something marketable about saying
JFK didn't get killed by Lee Harvey Oswald.
That's right. That's why this guy, Alex Jones,
likes the living doing this.
You're incentivized every inch of every magic bullet's pathway.
You're incentivized to fudge, and that's not cool
when you're dealing with stuff that people actually care about.
Would you be more content knowing
that it actually happened as reported
or that there actually was, like, you know,
a hocus pocus going on with the government?
I would actually... I would be way more sad.
I would... I would... I hope to God
that 19 fundamentalists,
the guys from Saudi Arabia,
climbed into planes and did horrible things
and flew them into things, and that that was that.
I would... I would... I so would much rather
life be that... like that.
I... I... these... these... these things take you down a rabbit hole, though.
You just go, like, you're so unsatisfied by that truth.
James, this is the point in the show
where the guest has to start interviewing Dan.
James, what do you think? James, come on, tell us.
James, James, tell us.
Well, the government...
You're Dr. Venture. What do you think?
9-11!
Was an inside job.
See? See.
Dr. Venture doesn't say see.
I think, uh, the government already...
Well, the people in power already had a wet dream
for many years that some tragic event
would happen that would allow them
to go off preemptively, knocking off,
like, dictators and stuff.
And so... and you know, there's this thing
called the Project for the New American Century, which...
What?
PNAC.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, those are the letters that...
It's like we're in Washington Square Park here.
And there's a thing in there that says
we really want to go off and, you know,
knock off dictators,
but we need... we need a really good incentive to do it.
We need, like, a Pearl Harbor.
And then...
And then in September 2001, Christmas came early
to the people who wrote that document.
So I can see why you can kind of conflate
that desire and
change it around a little bit
and say those people made that happen,
but they didn't, although they were wishing for it.
Except that no dictators ever get knocked off
and the economy is not booming and there is no...
Like, I could see how those guys would...
That would be their wet dream, but I don't think they engineered it.
No, I don't think they engineered it either.
Because, obviously, it did not work out.
I mean, GW was... he's not acting that he's shocked.
He's just sitting in a fucking kindergarten class
for like 10 minutes going, I don't know what to do.
I honestly don't know what to do.
This is never...
I never thought it would lead up to this.
All I can do is sit here for 10 minutes.
As sexy as all conspiracy theories are
and seem, and you watch these very convincing
documentaries about, like,
hey, man, if the planes hit the Pentagon,
where's the engines, Jack?
Man, because the engines will be there
because I made a titanium, my man.
Oh, shit, where are the engines?
That's all cool, but I don't think that's endowing
our government with better abilities
to keep secrets and lie.
They might actually be so inept.
Lies that complicated seem absurd.
Also, yeah, to do that much weird shit
was like, in your wildest dreams,
this government would be capable of...
Being a good government!
...searcheuitists like stuff, and then they're like,
well, if they had that much brain power,
the British wouldn't fall down
while people were fucking driving across them.
Maybe it's just that when horrible shit happens,
it's always chaotic.
You always wonder how a piece of skull
ended up on one wall.
It never makes sense.
And then you have 10 years to...
What wall are you talking about?
It's a metaphorical wall
of order in the wake of chaos.
Like Pink Floyd.
Pink Floyd wall. It's not a real wall.
A beloved president is assassinated.
Two towers come crumbling down.
Like, in a flash,
our world changes, and then we spend the next 15 years
going like, okay, well...
You find a candy wrapper on the floor,
and you trace it back
to the idea that, hopefully,
there's more order than chaos in the world.
But the truth is,
boy, but man, I learned a lot about
metallurgy today.
They didn't let up!
I think you're receptive to these alternative histories,
and it's like, you're receptive to it because
they're stories, and you adore stories,
and you pay all stories respect.
They're terrible stories, though.
But we crave
sense.
We want order.
We'll never know
lots of things about history,
but we choose to make
order out of things, out of chaos.
We know why it happened, and it still doesn't make any sense.
I'm going to go home
and Google
the right phrase for debunking
the debunking of the debunking and stuff,
because I just heard too much today
about the melting point of steel.
It just disturbed me too much.
I want you to have another vodka,
and just fucking dive into a real conspiracy right now.
I want you to like...
I see your leg tapping
eagerly right now. I think you're on a threshold
of really revealing.
Yeah, America wasn't in those buildings.
They evacuated them.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Alright.
Don't chicken out me now, man.
I think you have your own...
Look, I am a human being.
The most amazing thing was that
there was one guy in both documentaries I saw.
There's like these little cheesy videos
that people make.
There's one guy in both of them,
whose son died in 9-11,
and I loved his catchphrase
in the second of the two documentaries.
He was like...
He's like this good-natured
dad that was talking
the way I hope my dad would talk
if I died
in a horrible tragedy
that didn't have an abundance
of forensic evidence surrounding it.
He just said,
hey, look, I'm not a conspiracy theorist.
My son got murdered.
I'm trying to find out who killed him.
It's fucking like,
really completely...
I was like, shit,
I want that to be my dad.
And I will do that for my son.
Can you dedicate an entire season
of community to answering my question?
No, no, no.
What if you did that?
It just takes a turn.
Donald Glover leaves,
and then there's this plane hits Greendale,
and then...
It's a paper airplane, so it's charming.
It's like a paintball plane.
I dare you.
I, Jeff Davis, dare you, dad.
It's just the season of paintball.
Is there any way I can make people happy
with 13 episodes, speaking of which?
I don't know, man.
All paintball.
What if all paintball?
That wouldn't make people happy.
What if no paintball? That wouldn't make people happy.
I'm not complaining,
but I am under a personal gun.
What would you do
if you had...
Now that budget is a concern, necessarily,
but if you had your dream,
have there been ideas kicked around
in the writer's room
where you would say,
what if we could just do this?
What would be one thing you wish you could do
but you can't get away with it?
What if Donald was in the show?
Just keep...
It's just been five weeks of us going...
No, no, no, nothing like that, honestly.
I mean, I never...
No, I want to re-ground the characters
and do awesome, compelling shit.
I think every
kind of community fan
would agree that
remedial chaos and Dungeons & Dragons
are at the center of the Venn diagram
of everybody being happy.
The shippers are happy.
The psychology is there.
Paintball is awesome,
but that's like a slight off-shoot
of episodes that are...
You have to take the character seriously.
And of course, we're going to do that
for the fifth season.
I'm not that worried.
I'm just a little worried that you only get 13
and I'm worried.
Okay, I'm worried.
How many have you written so far?
Zero.
I've taken up heroin
and I'm just sitting in my office.
I just keep staring
at old Vanity Fair articles about the show.
I'm just eating
grilled octopus
and shooting up.
No, we've broken
like five episodes,
like broken the stories.
All right. Why do you ask James?
I was just curious. Do you want to be in one of them?
Please, if there's a part for a persnickety...
All right, James,
we've got to let James go,
but before we do, we've got to...
If there's a persnickety passive-aggressive
professor who makes his way through there
who has an affair with Britta, you know, that's...
We'll throw that out there.
It's that easy.
Yeah, just to throw that out there.
Yeah, anyone in the water side.
It's a 9-11, guys. You don't have to take it to heart.
Just throwing it out, opening a door in your mind.
Anything you want to plug or anything?
Well, you're up here?
I don't know. Are you writing a book
or appearing in a magazine or...
I don't know. I was just like...
Stuff, but the Venture Brothers,
just listen to the podcast.
Getting On with James Rabaniya
at ferrelodeo.com. Definitely listen to it.
Thank you, James Rabaniya.
Thank you for having me.
Yay!
James Rabaniya.
I don't know what I'm doing.
It wasn't out of my outline.
It was like, bring James Rabaniya out,
then ask him if 9-11 wasn't it such a...
And then...
And then never ask him another question.
Of all the people that you've not interviewed
while they're out here, he took it the best.
He's a good sport.
I mean, if he wants to stay, he can stay,
but he had a hard out.
Yeah, I'm a bad...
I'm a bad interviewer.
I've been forthcoming about that.
What do you think is your...
What keeps you from being a good interviewer?
Concern?
About other people?
That's not true. You are concerned about the people,
but you get more concerned...
I'm concerned about how they feel about me.
You start interviewing yourself through their eyes.
Yeah.
It's like, if Gore Vidal came up here,
I'd be like,
is there mustard on my...
Bring somebody up in the audience right now
and interview him. Just try to interview him.
Okay. This guy is so excited.
Okay.
What's your name, sir?
Gibran.
Where are you from, Gibran?
I came down from Canada.
I drove down.
Today? Yeah, today.
It was just a straight... No.
I drove down this week. It was about 30 hours.
Which province are you from?
Alberta.
Yeah, exactly.
Fuck you, Gibran. Get out of here.
It's done.
What's your birthstone?
Garnet? Okay.
What's left for me?
Take it from there.
Gibran, how tall was your mom?
5'1".
See? I don't know.
You're taller than 5'1".
Dan, a stranger is on stage with you right now.
You've never met this tall.
He raised his hand eagerly.
What...
Is there no drive?
Gibran, Gibran.
You're from Canada. I am.
Your name's Gibran.
How long are you in town?
I'm leaving tomorrow morning.
Why?
Because once I've seen this,
what else is there to do?
I'm a good interviewer. Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey, Gibran,
what's with the weird name?
Uh...
Wow.
It's a gotcha question, Dan.
Fair question, let's say.
Is that a common name? What part of Canada?
Calgary. Calgary, Alberta.
Alright, I've got a lot of people.
Okay.
Alright, forget your name. Don't worry about that.
Don't worry about that. That's stupid.
Google his name. Who cares?
Gibran, what are you most afraid of?
Don't say spiders.
Slipping into solipsism?
Is that okay?
Like me?
So you'd be a bad interviewer?
Probably.
Alright, now Gibran,
interview Dan.
Act like you don't know me.
You can act like you know me.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to control the interview.
When two solipsists go to war,
yeah.
Both guys just look at the floor.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about my friend.
Tell me what it felt like
to play D&D for the first time.
Oh my god.
That's a great question, Gibran.
Thank you. I love D&D.
Oh yeah? Yes.
I mean, I honestly,
I can barely remember,
but one of the most remarkable memories
I have that marked that is that
I remember mowing my lawn
because I had to mow my lawn,
and I remember that I hated mowing the lawn
because it was just repetitive activity,
but this is before iPods,
it's before you can occupy your brain with anything,
and I just remember mowing
my suburban front lawn
going back and forth,
and the whole time I was just thinking about
what we had just done in D&D.
So this awakening, this idea
that I had a different life,
that I was a different person,
and that these things had happened,
that they were scenes like in a movie
that had never existed.
That was a good question.
What a good interviewer.
Now tell me.
Now let me counter with this.
What's your favorite color?
Blue.
No pink.
Sorry, I know we're not
supposed to do Monty Python jokes.
That's fine.
What's it like to interview me?
Dan, follow up question.
Why do you like D&D?
How old are you?
What race do you hate the most?
Which feet of yours is bigger?
I hate gnomes.
You're an elf.
How old are you?
35.
You answered the same question.
What was your big memory with D&D?
Really, that was just so that I could
answer that question.
I played for the first time when I was nine,
and I actually didn't even know
that I was playing Dungeons & Dragons.
It just came in this little red box,
and a guy across the street from a friend,
he played this game,
and I had no idea that you could
just
envelop yourself in another world
and create all these things that
were so alien
to the life that you live.
The idea that it's actually okay
to say
even though
I'm just sitting here being a fat guy
with zits on his face,
I'm actually doing this other thing.
I'm actually this other person.
We're all familiar with it.
It's under our nose, but the emotional
experience of
actually...
I mean, allowing yourself
to be heroic
or be the center of your own
universe. I mean, I guess we all are
the center of your own universes, but
it's
on a grander scale.
So what do they do in Canada?
Just on a typical day.
It's eight in the morning.
I'll be a Canadian rooster,
and I'm sure it sounds different from
an American rooster.
I'm sure it's got some
weird use of you in there.
You all wake up and go,
I'm about to eat some breakfast.
We watch hockey.
We wake up, we turn on the TV,
there's no
channel changing on the remote.
It turns on and off, and then it's just
TV at a really loud volume.
Straight hockey at a really loud
volume.
Or hockey.
I feel like every time,
everything I've ever seen on the internet that I was
community related, where someone's
making a really creative gift or doing
a good YouTube video, there's always that
city TV logo.
And that's Canadian, right?
You're not paying for anything.
We're really great at pirating.
But, you also,
you know, you love
good TV?
And by good, I mean
my.
We know that what you meant.
Are you born and raised in Calgary?
Yeah, I am. What's that street? Is 17th Street
where the bars are? 17th Ave.
That's right. Were you there?
Oh yeah. Oh wow. Many times.
And is the bar called like the Crown and Thorn?
Rosen Crown.
That's Alberta?
That's right, Alberta.
I have relatives.
I had a family reunion in Alberta.
Oh really? Just so you know.
Where? I don't know. I didn't go.
Oh.
A bunch of people
related to me were like, hey, come up here.
If you ever need a
surrogate to go for the next one, you just
I'll send you.
Now Dan, there was a lady running around.
My parents went and they said,
God, I'm so annoying. There was this lady running around
and talking about how
we were all
six degrees
separated from a pope.
And my mom was like,
we all are. Like everyone is.
Like, cavemen are.
Now Dan, we're learning more about you
in this interview than Gibran.
We cannot leave, we cannot get him
off the stage until we've learned
at least equal amounts about Gibran before he goes.
Okay. I'll leave that to you.
So people who are listening to the podcast
at home, we haven't specified yet.
Gibran is a seven foot two
African-American.
Tattooed like Quique Wagon,
Mubby Dick.
He has tribal tats over the left side of his face.
He's holding an ivory spear.
Purple streak to it.
I have something to say about that
because my fiance,
when she meets new people
and they ask about me,
then she says, oh, his name is Gibran.
They're always like, oh, he must be big and black.
They're so disappointed
when they see me.
Dan, follow up questions.
If you were black,
like, what would you do first?
And last.
Because for real, I would go,
Jeff, let's all answer this question.
If you could, if you woke up
tomorrow black,
like, there's something you do, right?
I would instantly go fuck with white people
as hard as I could.
How? Where?
I would just good-naturedly intimidate them.
I was about to say,
I would go to some mythical place
where only black people are allowed,
but that wouldn't...
This doesn't work that way.
It's called prison.
Good night, everybody.
You fucking pussies.
He walked into that.
It's not like there's some bar
that's called the black gentleman.
We live in Los Angeles.
There are neighborhoods where you could go into
where there are places that you could...
There's places where if I walked in being white
I would feel less comfortable,
but I don't think if you walked in being black
you'd be like, hey, put it on my tab.
Would you walk into a bar
and angle it and try to...
I don't know from angle what.
That's my thing.
I don't know...
I haven't put that much thought into it.
I just know that there's...
If I walked into a place
and everyone was black and I was the only white guy,
I know that I would feel
like an interloper
and bummed out.
But I know from going to junior high
that they
were not as bummed out about that
as a bunch of white people
with a black person walking in would be.
So what would you do?
I don't think there would be any profit from walking it.
I guess I'm just thinking about it now.
If I woke up black, if I had the superpower,
press a button on my bracelet.
First of all, okay, I'm black now.
I'm black.
When you wake up black,
you get to pick what kind of black person you are.
Well, then I'd be super sexy black.
Well, that's a different thing.
I'm assuming I'm a dumpy black guy.
How about you get to be any black person you want?
Male, female, sexy, otherwise?
So I just get to be just straight up
the most black guy in the world?
Or you could be like a funny
wisecrackin' old 50 year old black lady.
I would just be a strapping
fucking amazing black guy
that was able to jump over a car.
What do you...
I'm choosing?
You get to choose.
Well, then I'm mega black.
I'm super, super
in the James Bond of black men.
I'm Billy Dee Williams
in 1982.
I'm just walking in
fucking like...
So you're Billy Dee Williams, sexy,
Billy Dee Williams, where do you...
He's not even black enough. I don't even know where I am.
Hey, fuck you people!
Fuck you, honkeys!
I just pressed my black button.
I'll tell you who's black enough.
Billy Dee can go fuck himself.
What are you talking about? I'm gonna be a fucking rich,
visceral fucking black guy.
So Dan, you're
mega black.
You're super fucking potent black.
Okay.
It's cock-a-doodle-doo.
Alarm clock goes off. What do you do first?
You get up, you have a... I eat a big black breakfast.
Right.
Which consists of what?
Just like, tons of protein
and...
I don't know.
I'm so glad you're asking these questions. I don't know.
What's on your plan about...
You only have 24 hours of this.
Okay, well, I'm so much pressure.
I...
I go to some...
There's gotta be some black parlor where you can
download with other black people about what you do.
I don't know.
You don't have that. You are just a white man.
I'm at my house.
Oh my god, I'm a sexy,
physically fit, beautiful black man.
Alright, so Aaron's next to me?
So then, this is your fantasy, man.
Well, Aaron's like,
Oh shit, you're black. I'm like, yeah.
We probably gotta...
How does she know it's...
Don't you...
Is that wrong to say?
Well, when you say knock that out,
what are we talking about?
Well, I mean, if she woke up with blue hair,
it'd be like, hey, you know...
Oh, Viva la de France, you know.
Let's fucking do it.
So we're assuming she wakes up and she's comfortable
to recognize through physical...
Because again, you said,
I'm not the Dan Harmon version of a black guy.
I'm not, you're...
I'm not like a big, dumpy...
I got to choose to be a...
I have a wing span.
Yeah.
My chest is like a Buick's grill.
My biceps are the size of a child's head.
I'm like, every...
I just look like a cartoon.
That's what you think black people are...
No. That's not fair.
There are people...
No, it isn't fair.
You said I got to choose
what kind of black guy I was.
You think children's heads are shaped like biceps?
You know...
I don't want you to be a black person, dad.
Well, I don't...
Okay, so you wake up and you're Kevin Garnett.
You're fucking...
Okay, now we learn more about you.
You said...
You're just a very tall,
physically fit, strapping,
good-looking black gentleman.
You have 24 hours to do something.
What's on the fucking docket?
I fuck Erin, but good.
She's earned it.
Quick breakfast.
Like, high protein.
I don't know what.
Out to my car.
You get to pick a car, too.
You get to pick a new car.
No, because you're trying to trick me into being racist.
And I'm not.
Well done, my proud newbie and friend.
I go down to my fucking silver Prius.
Okay.
And I slide into it proudly with my
cosmopolitan black body.
And I go to the drawing room, my usual haunt,
because I want to know what it's like
to walk in there black.
And I order my usual drink.
I would like a
Kettle One of the Rocks, please.
And a suave like that.
Okay, here you are. That'll be $6.
Thank you.
It's good to drink at a place that understands me.
I don't know, just feeling them out.
Okay.
So let's say they're totally fine.
I go over to the jukebox.
I want to put on some little wing.
Little or little?
Because there's no little
wing on the jukebox.
I'm not going to fuck around with the jukebox.
I don't care. That was a joke.
So I got to drink up my usual haunt.
All right, now what am I going to do?
24 hours.
21 hours.
All right, I'm black.
But I look good.
I'm like fit.
Like I'm ripped.
Oh yeah, you're in peak physical condition.
So then I'm going to do shit that has nothing to do with being black.
I just want to be ripped.
Well then, you can just go to the gym, dude.
No, that's the whole point.
You don't have to go to the gym, dude.
That's what you don't have to do.
You don't have to be black to be in good shape.
Or to fuck your girlfriend properly.
Fuck your girlfriend properly.
Fine.
Let's hear from Gibran, everybody. Gibran.
Thank you.
Thank you, Gibran.
Can I just make a shout out?
Sure, sure.
Happy birthday to my cousin Ivan
and eat your heart out, Les Wong.
Thank you.
Gibran.
Canadians.
Dan, I have to say,
that was a hell of an interview.
You really are bad at it.
You don't know other people exist.
That guy sat on stage here
with a microphone in his hand, never spoken to it.
And you simply didn't care at all.
Yeah, but he was like, you know,
he was like, oh, I want to come up here.
I mean, how do you know he deserves it?
Maybe that was bad.
Karma. But he said he was solipsistic
and so are you in that way.
He did good. He did fine.
He got everything he was going to get.
Gibran from Canada.
He got, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Who is he going to get?
Who is he going to carry him out on our shoulders?
No, we wanted to find out
if you could actually invest
interest in another human being.
All right, all right, what's your name?
Anatoly.
Anatoly?
Anatoly, get on stage, Anatoly.
All right, Anatoly, that sounds like
an exotic name.
The names are getting weirder.
Anatoly, where are you from?
From Russia.
Oh, shit.
All right.
So you're just visiting?
No, I studied here.
Oh, you studied? Where at what school?
In UCLA.
It's part of an exchange program?
No, no, no.
Just came here to study.
So I did directing.
You started directing?
Film, TV?
So were you directing in Russia?
No.
I just came to study.
He came over and said, I think I'll try directing.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it's just, you know, a lot of us,
a lot of directors in this audience
are out of work right now.
So I'm sorry, but fuck you guys.
All right, wow.
As a Russian at some point,
he must break you.
So how old are you?
I'm 23.
23?
Man, just your life pulsing
through your little sinewy Russian veins.
Do they have black people in Russia?
Really few.
Yeah.
In my town, I think black people.
So how...
What were their names?
And we're going to check.
If one's Jabran, we're going to smell a rat.
Were your parents rich?
Would you call them rich?
Middle class, lower class.
Yeah.
So how do you get hooked up?
I don't understand.
Do you have a process that gets you
to come over here to UCLA
to study directing?
Just...
For those of us listening to Russia right now,
it's called Airlines.
Yeah, yeah.
Actually, I can start from far along
when I was born,
but I don't know.
I like movies.
I like TV shows.
I think I watch a couple of sort of community.
Oh, yeah?
You saw a couple of episodes?
I like...
I think it was a episode about
Inspector Space Time Convention.
I think it was the best episode.
I like your job.
But that was fourth season.
You said...
It's alright.
It's okay. It doesn't matter.
He can't tell.
So you just...
This is the world we live in now.
You're just sitting in Russia and you go,
I want a direct TV and you just
up and came over on a plane.
Nobody grabbed you at the border and was like,
What are you doing? What are you trying to do?
Get out of here!
You have to get a student visa.
Oh, a student visa.
How long do those last?
Four years?
No, it's value study.
You can study almost all your life.
So it doesn't matter.
I don't know that much yet.
Do you have friends over here?
Not really many, but
a few people.
Are you in a dorm room at UCLA?
No, I just rent in a room.
In Echo Park.
Oh, really? Just a one bedroom apartment?
No, it's a three bedroom.
So how did you find the roommates?
I'm Craigslist.
Craigslist?
Yeah.
So what do you want to make?
I'm sorry, I hate to interrupt.
Jump in, I'm so fucking tired.
No.
I thought I did a good job.
I instinctively jumped in as
I saw you flagging over there.
You held your cup very close to your lips
and you wanted a sip.
But you were doing a really good interview there.
He's so Russian.
What part of Russia are you from?
It's middle of Russia.
It's town called Orenburg.
And no one heard about it.
No one heard about it.
You thought one guy would go,
Woo!
But I think of like,
as a Russian student coming over here to direct,
are you a big fan of Russian film?
Or are you a film student?
Or are you more of a TV fan?
I don't know.
Do you love this directors that love
their foreign film,
love their classical films?
You're a big scholar of filmmakers.
Are you more just like,
what do you want to make?
That's great.
I don't really like,
I like some Russian,
like old films.
But now it's like really
terrible business in Russia.
Like every,
like only one movie out of like 100
was to watch it.
So it's nothing to do in there.
Who do you think is interviewing you better right now?
Me or Jeff?
Like I found,
I feel like his interview is more like,
it's like more boring.
Like mine's more personal.
And I tell you, who's the most passive aggressive
interviewer right now?
But if you had your dream job,
if you could make whatever you wanted,
what kind of show,
what would you make as a director?
Yeah.
Do you want to do TV or movies?
Oh, for sure TV.
Really? For sure TV?
Because it's like if you're directing TV,
you have like two weeks of work
and get money and buy.
And you don't have to sit and like
develop for five years and
without money.
What's your favorite American TV show?
Not your favorite, but just a random one.
Madman.
Yeah.
Would you want to direct like,
you want to direct hour stuff like that?
Is that what you would want to do?
You are starting directing right?
Yeah.
Alright wait, can you, okay, Jeff and I are going to do a scene
and you're going to direct it.
Yeah.
We're going to do it from Madman.
We're going to try, well, it'll be like
from Madman, like not a real scene,
but and then you will do
one take and then you adjust us.
You say cut and then you adjust us
and then we'll do another take.
Okay, so I'm Don Draper.
I've never seen it, so I'll be Al Sharp.
Al Sharp?
Alright, I'm Don Draper.
I'm Al Sharp.
I'm a new intern named Al Sharp.
Okay.
Oh, Mr. Draper.
I didn't realize you were going to be in this early.
Al, I'm always going to be in this early
when the Heinz account gets this fucked up.
I'm sorry.
I was here earlier and I saw that somebody
has spilled coffee all over the Heinz account.
It's not your job to worry about coffee spelling.
It's your job to be a madman.
Alright.
Anatoly?
Give us notes.
So adjust us.
What can we do better in that scene?
Okay, first of all,
you need to change your clothes.
Okay.
He was talking to Dan.
I think you'll find that I'm properly dressed
for a Madman scene.
I can't, I mean, I'll...
Okay.
Describe what you would have him wear.
What should he be wearing right now?
Something like...
Something like I'm wearing, yes.
So should everybody, Anatoly.
Thank you.
Alright.
I like this guy. He's a good director.
So far, he's a great wardrobe supervisor.
I don't know.
If someone here has a TV show,
if he wants to hire me,
I don't know.
I feel like I just got insulted,
but I can't tell.
I didn't hear what you said. Say again.
I think maybe someone
might hire me to make a TV show,
like if he had fun.
You should get a TV show,
I think you should.
They should give Dan Harmon a TV show.
The audience should hire him to direct a TV show.
Yeah.
But now you have to give us direction
so we can't just be wardrobe.
I think first of all,
the scene
must be
written really.
It...
You need a script.
You're a producer.
So better written.
We'll do it again, but better written.
He needs a better script
and the people need to be dressed better.
This is confirming a lot of theories I've had
about this.
I've had a
sneaking suspicion
that I know what goes on
when I'm not around.
But...
Do you want to try it again?
Better written?
Okay, better written.
You're in a skinny mod suit
and the scene is better written.
I'm impeccably dressed.
What was your name?
I'm Al Sharpton.
I'm a young intern.
Okay.
Draper.
You'd be better off saying winter
because a cold wind is going to blow up your asshole.
I got the Heinz account right here on the floor
but 57 reasons to fuck you in the ass.
Then pour it over every fry
because it's 1968
and Vietnam!
Motherfucker!
Anatoly, everybody.
Thank you so much.
Nice, good director.
Anatoly, you did good.
That is good directing.
Anatoly.
You saw him here first.
He's the new Spielberg.
Alright, let's get Spencer up here.
Let's play some more Spencer.
Spencer!
Get your satchel.
Hello, Spencer Crittenden.
How are you, sir?
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey.
Any new fun stories about being my assistant?
Okay, so one of the writer's rooms
is like, there's a long table in.
There's a room for about like
five or six seats on either side.
And it's just full of clutter.
And this one time, Dan was all like,
Spencer, give me a five-hour energy.
And I was like, I already have one.
And I pulled one out of my auxiliary pocket
because that's where I keep it.
And I was on the other side of this long table
and I slid it all the way down the table
and it got like right to him
and he caught it and everyone was like,
ooh.
Yeah, there's not a lot.
I mean, everything Spencer does, though,
has that air of mystery to it.
Spencer came in.
I told him to go get me a sweatshirt out of my car.
And then he came in at one point where
he was like, it's season five,
so everyone's very quiet.
A bunch of very smart, funny writers
in there.
And I don't think I'd have it any other way, I guess.
We hired a bunch of people who are like
very enamored with community.
We've got a bunch of geniuses in there
who are brilliant scripts.
But the upshot is it feels like teaching a Harvard law class.
Like that writer's room.
It's just like a bunch of young, smart, funny people
that are sitting there.
They don't physically raise their hands before they speak,
isn't there one of the writers here tonight?
Isn't it Alex here?
Alex, are you here?
Will you come up here for a second?
This could be at his peril.
I don't know.
I mean, yeah, just grab a mic
for a second.
I heard you were here in the writer's room.
Is it Canon Films T-shirt?
Canon Films?
Oh, no, it's OCP.
So what's it like working for me?
It's great.
I mean...
But it's quiet in that room, right?
Yeah, you described it well.
I mean, the genius part was nice.
People aren't quiet because I'm a bad person, right?
No, no, no. Well, I can speak only for myself.
I mean, I think, you know, we're all awkward people.
Because I'm amazing.
It involves you,
but not in a...
It mourns the amazing way
than in the...
Like, you're going like, oh, God, Dan's
talking like about
what should happen in this episode.
Why would we ever want to say anything else?
Yeah, I mean, I feel like
I'm on one half of a bit that's going on right now.
And I...
I just got a little insecure.
Like, I choose...
I have blind design. I go like, okay, well,
I hired everybody, and they're all very quiet.
So I'm going to make the conscious
decision that everybody's being really
quiet because I'm amazing.
But then there's a little voice in the back
of my head that goes, you're embarrassing yourself.
Well, I'm
stuck in my own head sort of the way
you are in your head. So I know that if I
say yes, then I'm going to feel like I'm kissing
your ass because you're my boss. Right.
All the other writers are listening and they go, oh, Alex
was on Harbit Channel. Speaking for myself,
I'm very excited about this job,
and I don't want to fuck it up.
So if I'm going to speak up,
I want to...
I care how it lands.
Right. Well, you're doing great, but let's just run down
the other writers.
So...
What do you think? Ryan Ridley, like...
Right?
Clearly only got hired because he's a friend of mine.
Ryan took a lot of abuse
the first week or so.
All right.
Thank you.
I don't know what you could possibly do.
If there's anything you want to plug,
Alex Rubin's...
Rubin Town. Yeah.
Community Season 5, starting now.
Community Season 5, see you at Comic-Con.
All right, Alex Rubins.
See what I'm going through?
Did you see his pants, his shorts?
Those were awesome.
I want those shorts.
No, what...
I like Alex. I think he's a great writer.
He seems like a good guy.
Of course he's a great writer.
I read his script. What are you going through?
Going through being in a room with 14 people
whose scripts I've read are all great writers,
and they're just like...
I'm kind of going like, okay, so if Troy
has allergic to cheese, then what if Abbot said this,
and he's kind of like...
Very quiet.
Yeah, I want to talk a lot,
but that's not my job, obviously,
but I feel like, Jesus Christ,
these are silences there.
These are pregnant pauses.
It's not just me.
He gets awkward.
I think one time I clocked in
about three minutes of silence.
But in your opinion,
as a 12-year-old, however old you are,
should I regress
for this question?
It's not because I'm untalented, right?
It's because I'm super talented, right?
I don't know what it is.
Lie to me! Lie to me!
It's because I intimidate everyone.
We love you, Dan.
It's because, you know, just...
Your intellect is very tangible.
You know?
And they feel it.
Spencer, if I play the music,
will you give us your internal monologue
during one of the community writing silences?
Yeah.
Nobody's talking.
Still, nobody's talking.
My mind reels
with possibilities of things
that could be said.
Good ideas, bad ideas,
they all bubble up, but, uh,
why isn't anybody fucking talking?
I'll say you write a TV show.
I think it's because they all have 200 IQs.
I think they're all...
They're all Onion and Harvard...
Yeah, well, it's like he was saying,
it's like you're all up in your head
and you're like, these guys are staring at me
like I'm brilliant or an asshole,
and there he's in his head, and he's like,
man, this guy's looking at me like I'm either about
to say something genius or a big asshole,
and, like, all the other writers are like,
aw, man, he just said something good.
I look like an asshole.
And that's probably what everyone's thinking about
this whole time, just assholes.
That's true.
But in the meantime, 13 episodes
of the greatest television show in history,
Hanging the Lurch.
They didn't hang in there, tell them that.
So the heroes, heroes are going to rise
and fall, like, well, this is the fricking...
I'll do it myself for sure.
You think I should get hardcore?
Two and a half minutes into one of these
three-minute silences, just go crazy.
Just go, wow, what am I doing here?
Exactly.
But then they'll be like, what do you mean?
You hired me.
And then they'll be like, I'm sorry.
You should get Anatoly to come in
and direct how to run a writer.
You should dress different.
That's what we're teaching Russia,
by the way.
And I'm not surprised they're getting
that message.
It's empty stylistic masturbation.
It's like, come on.
You like Breaking Bad, though, right, Anatoly?
Actually, I didn't.
I didn't, so I see it.
Well, they dress very well in that show.
Oh, boy.
The whole planet is just going to
collapse like a balloon,
culturally.
We did it. America won.
This is our punishment.
We didn't ever do what we were doing.
The only thing we ever did was go,
America's great!
And now that's the culture?
It's just like,
no, it's done.
Those are the only good shows
about people shooting up
and dying.
We're celebrating our death.
But your show doesn't really fit into that, does it?
No, it doesn't, Jeff.
I mean, that sincerely.
You're intentionally not playing
ball with that paradigm.
There's a lot of pressure, isn't it?
It's a lot of pressure.
Right, Alex?
Yes, okay.
Dan, I want to play the Spencer music,
but you're going to do Dr. Master Voice
when you're helming the writer's room.
Last season wasn't very good.
But you found out
you're not allowed to say that anymore.
Seizing the power
of the high road,
you took it all the way
to having permission to do whatever you want.
But what will you do?
Having had the right
to do muppets
and animation removed from you
creatively.
You sought
to figure out
how you could possibly deliver
a quality show
under a historically low budget.
While an insidious
old studio looms above you
hating everything you do,
demanding that you pitch it to them
but not having a right to say no
to anything.
Meanwhile, in the bowels underneath you,
16-year-old girls
wait patiently with their Tumblr blogs.
You can either let them down
or let them down.
In any case,
your show will possibly air
if it ever does air
in the worst time slot, on the worst network,
in the worst time for television
in television history.
Parks and Rec may
be
your lead-in.
I tried to time it, right?
Right, right.
Let's get Erin out here
and play some D&D.
Erin the Gappy to the stage.
You can't wait for the Variety headlines, huh?
You love your famous boyfriend.
I do love my famous boyfriend.
I love those Michael Ossiello headlines.
Full disclosure,
I'm still a little drunk from that neighborhood
party.
With the tumor lady?
That was crazy.
Well, I mean, it certainly was not crazy.
But it was a party, and I drank a lot
to get along with people.
I want to hang out with her more.
I find myself now, I think it's a 30
versus 40 thing.
Between 30 and 40,
mortality becomes
breaking bad.
I just find myself now.
You're waiting for it to come?
You see somebody whose foot
has been chopped off
by a boat propeller,
and you're just like,
tell me more about that,
because you start preparing yourself
for,
whereas before that, from 29
to 30, you're just like,
I don't want to,
that's not good.
I don't want to go down that rabbit hole.
I think maybe it's because
I'm 40, I'm just like, hey,
you almost died.
Do you have a t-shirt?
I don't want to argue with you,
but I think that's a human thing.
We were in two different conversations,
but I think that's interesting.
What was yours about?
My conversation at the party
was cool.
I was making jokes about drinking red wine,
and a woman asked me what I was doing,
and I told her very honestly like,
I don't know, I paint my drink,
and I do whatever, and I'm worried
about myself, and she's like, I'm a casting director,
and you've auditioned for me, and I was like, cool, cool, cool.
Great, great.
You never know what's going to happen
on the patio next to Dan Harmon's house.
But it was a great party.
It was the most fun I've ever had.
What did you drink?
What did I drink?
Something from Paseo Robles.
Paseo Robles?
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Yeah, a grape.
It was something made from grapes, and it was red.
Vodka. Wine.
Wine. It was wine.
I poured it in a glass that looked,
I mean, the top was white,
and then it went down to a thing.
Thank you, wine glass.
Yeah, and I had several of those.
Are you okay?
No, I don't think so.
Are you going to puke?
No, I don't think I'm going to puke.
Let's play D&D.
All right.
Last town on Harmon.
Town.
Our heroes had just
felled a bearded demon
during the fight.
Mulraines slew
slab squat thrust.
This threw the group into a tense
moral dilemma regarding the value
of life.
Not really.
Sharpie didn't really care, so the gang
moved past him. After hacking a group
of entangled lemurs to death,
they discovered Sharpie's father,
Mango Buttsalot, buried
up to his neck at the bottom
of a large pit.
Mango Buttsalot told the heroes
of Dark Star's assault on the world,
how he destroyed mountains
and pillaged cities, and was
enslaving people to power
strange, eldritch engines of doom.
Mango asked Sharpie to head towards
Dark Star's Black Keep far to the north
to put a stop to his evil plans.
To aid the party, Mango also set
Yerch, a dubious move
that seemed like somewhat of a half-hearted gesture
given the circumstances.
And with some last-minute advice, Mango
sent the adventurers off to the north.
Yerch suggested that the party
stop in either Thornvale or
Thornheim, the frozen city,
in order to seek aid from their military,
as the fortress was known
for its outstanding defensive and
offensive capabilities.
So onward, they marched to Thornheim
and then to the Black Keep
to stop Dark Star's reign.
Spencer.
Alright, so we're on our way to
Thornfield.
Thornheim. Thornheim?
I knew it was a Jewish name.
Alright, and we're
going to encounter random encounters
on the way, not that I'm metagaming.
As the days and miles pass,
the vegetation grows sparse,
the sky colder and darker,
rolling hills turn
into high mountains and winding passes,
wind through treacherous trails.
As you trudge up the mountains,
you round a bend and catch sight of it.
A dazzling crystalline fortress
of blue and white sparkling in the
cold winter sun.
Thornheim, the frozen city,
but lying between you and the city gate
is a massive white bridge,
entirely composed of ice.
The slick white ice bridge looks
treacherous, glistening and shimmering,
stretching across a great white void
of howling, screaming wind.
Quirk. Yes?
I can't remember why we came here.
Because
Mango told us to go to the Black Heap
and this is the way to get there, I think.
And also,
that's all I remember.
But I have the
the armlet of winter,
and we're going to cross an ice bridge.
Maybe I can reinforce this by calling forth
my power of winter to reinforce
this rickety city bridge. No, you'll be popular here
for a change, that'll be great.
Whoa! Whoa!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
What the fuck? Sorry.
That's weird, because I was just
we were, everything was cool until just now.
I just, sometimes,
are you saying I'm not popular wherever we go?
No, I'm saying you are.
Well, you said it pretty sarcastically.
Well, I, sarcastically.
You're very popular. Thank you, Mulraine.
What the fuck is up with this dick?
Everywhere we go,
you get the right armlet for something.
It's called armlet, first of all.
You call it armlet,
I got dumb dumb.
Can we not fight
and can we have a password? I was totally cool
and I was going to reinforce the
ice bridge and we could all go in there like friends
but you were being like a weirdo.
Is the ice bridge broken? No, he said it was rickety.
I mean, I can see
non-metagamically
looking ahead of me that this
ice bridge looks like it could use some reinforcing.
Spencer, do I have power
of make the other people in my party
kiss so we can let go of some tension?
There's diplomacy.
Yeah, they fucked in a tree.
They fucked in a tree?
I think so, yeah.
It depends on your definition.
Wait, what?
You guys fucked in a tree?
Look, if you're not going to show up for every episode,
then...
On purpose?
You don't fuck
accidentally up a tree.
Fine, fine.
You're just fucking in a tree.
Well, knowing that, maybe you guys
should just fuck now
and we can move on.
That's not metagaming.
Mulrainee is pro fucking.
I walk up to the edge of the bridge
and sick out one toe to test its stability.
This bridge is rather thick.
It's maybe
five or six feet thick
and it's quite a ways.
I saunter past his checking.
300 feet.
It seems sturdy as he saunters out.
I'm just walking.
See you at the other side,
my good ex-friend.
I spit on my stomach and I slide across.
Oh, no, no, wait, I dry my stomach.
Yeah, that would make...
Wait, halfway through sliding, you dry your stomach?
I'm realizing if I spit on my stomach,
I'll be at the front of it.
Yeah, it'll make you stick.
My spit will...
I blow my stomach and then I slide across.
Oh, okay, you get like
five, seven feet.
How far across is the bridge?
It's like 300 feet.
I giggle like I was doing a joke
and I stand up.
I stay at my edge of the bridge
and I yell out to Sharpie.
I say, hey, look, man, I don't know
what that was about back there, but look,
this bridge might not hold us all.
Get to the other side and then I'll come after you.
All right, I'm sorry too
about what happened.
Yeah, I was out of the fucking left field, dude.
I've been drinking.
Fuck.
Oh, in the game?
What game are you talking about?
Spencer? Experience points.
That's not fair.
He's not allowed to do that.
I'm allowed to stay in the game
and immerse myself in my...
You guys didn't actually fucking a tree, right?
Like in real life?
I scan the horizon for trees.
Are there trees? There's no trees.
There's kind of like my own private Idaho
where there's just like still shots of us
doing different stuff.
With my arm out of winter, I call down
a sleet in rain and it's snowstorm
to fashion an ice tree.
Okay.
Look, I just go like walking,
like crazy, like high stepping
and like stomping with every foot.
No, that's definitely happening.
Also, the sleet...
Yeah, so it's already
kind of snowy, but you're whipping it
up into a frenzy and it's getting
quite strong and treacherous
as if like maybe strong winds
might blow you off a slippery bridge.
Okay, I stopped doing this.
Okay.
I was just testing out my ability to fashion
ice trees.
That didn't go so well.
It didn't even happen.
Look, like four warrants is four armed.
Yeah.
Meanwhile...
It is what it is.
You're stepping onto this bridge.
Half the battle.
The bottom line at the end of the test.
Stop, drop and roll.
You hear the sound of crunching
ice and snow and
coming out of the edges of this
bridge are these large
black poles. They're kind of extending
from the ground up into the air and they start
buzzing in a strange,
weird sound and you see kind of lines
and runes glow
light up on their surface.
It makes a buzzing sound.
So weird. Along the sides of the bridge?
Yeah, so it's as if like maybe railing
popped up but not the railing, just the posts.
Gotcha. But they're big and they're
about ten feet tall and black.
And they're buzzing. And they're ominous.
I don't like it. You don't.
So I'm still not on the bridge.
Mulraine's not on the bridge. Sharpie's out there on the bridge.
You're right at the beginning of it.
You're about halfway and you're seven feet.
Sharpie has her knave. stuck to the bridge
seven feet across. Mulraine.
I mean Mulraine does, right?
I'm just an
asshole.
I'm just lying there.
These are posts
that are like buzzing
Yeah, they're like buzzing posts.
I
keep moving forward trepidatiously.
Alright, that happens.
Hesitantly.
You don't feel impeded.
Then I start bounding.
Like a juvenile poppy.
Alright.
Can I throw a rope
around Sharpie
and use him like a sled dog?
Wall lying down.
Sorry? Wall lying down.
Well, maybe I get up a little bit.
Okay, just enough to...
Mulraine, if you lie down, I'll get on you like a surfboard.
Oh, yay!
Yeah, get on me like a surfboard.
Have a cold.
What do you mean, get on me like a surfboard?
You just tied your rope to him while you're laying in your stomach
and you wanted a sled across.
Why not get on me like a sled?
Well, I'll stand facing forward
as opposed to sideways
like a surfboard.
I thought I'd just...
Get on me any way you'd like.
I thought we had a pact where we were going to play together.
No, we do. I'm dealing with you guys
fucking in a tree. Are you guys together?
That was like back on the shadow plane.
I don't even remember that.
It's like shadows of us fucking.
That was pre-shadow plane.
In this party, we all fuck whatever we want.
It happened last week.
It's totally fine.
It's still like shadows of our...
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter.
It's all cool.
This is the party.
The rope, it doesn't go as far as you'd hope
and it doesn't land around its shoulders
or reach him.
Okay.
I don't know if you've never seen Footloose, right?
Like the side shot of Kevin Bacon,
like the dolly shot where he's just
bounding, like,
through the steel mill.
It's like a Bob Vossy skip.
Every step is like another move.
It's just bounding, bounding, bounding.
You slip and fall.
Did you do a skip check?
I did. He failed it.
Well, I get up and I continue doing it, though.
Yeah.
Your spirits can't be changed.
Using my fast barbarian movement,
I just run out and try to get as much ground
across the bridge as possible.
I try to grab his ankle like a surfboard.
All right. You grab his ankle
and are slid it onto the bridge.
Being grabbed by your ankle,
you find it a bit hard to move.
No shit.
Even so,
you make your way onto the bridge
in the midst of these pleasant pillars.
Well, it's just called crossing a bridge.
Wrong.
Crossing a bridge wrong.
You hear a far-off
cling sound and then you hear
the sound of distant cannon fodder.
I mean fire, not fodder.
That doesn't sound like anything.
It just sounds like people that are going to...
How far across the bridge are we?
You're about halfway.
I keep running. Yeah, you do.
I keep surfing.
All right. What do you keep doing?
I'm just...
I actually do one roll.
Like...
Like a combat roll.
No, like a leap and a roll.
I call that a combat roll.
I just keep bounding.
Oh. Yeah, okay.
Okay.
As I'm traversing the bridge,
I'm just saying,
my locomotion
is fueled by a juvenile angst.
Like I'm mad at my dad.
I'm mad at...
I'm mad at having to re-catcher the rye.
Like I don't know why I have to do anything,
except smoke and drink.
I'm just going...
and I'm just bounding.
That comes off in your bounds.
Anyway, you see
three large dark shapes
hit the ground right in front of you.
You're the farthest forward,
so you're the closest there about 10 feet off.
Who is me?
No, Sharpie.
Oh, he's bounding.
He's bounding.
Smoking and drinking.
I'm holding you back.
I know.
Yeah, but those things,
they hit the ground and you hear cracks
in the ice as ice cracks
start happening.
I'm the closest to them, right?
You're the closest to them.
I hold my hands up and say,
Oh, hail dark cloak figures.
I am an emissary of peace
from my selfia.
Set figures are dark,
ogre-sized skeletons.
They wear heavy black fur cloaks
and charcoal-colored plate armor.
Their eyes blaze with a cold blue fire.
You can hear the grinding sound
of metal gears turning.
The grinding becomes a clattering
and then a silence.
The skeletons drop into combat poses
as large, frozen swords materialize
in their hands, melding together
from ice and snow.
Gentlemen, please.
No need for that.
Can we get over there somehow?
Maybe we do the same Sharpie
lunge.
And I go,
Gentlemen, please.
And then I wreath
my arms in shocking grasp
electricity and I go,
No need for that.
Alright, that happens.
As you're speaking,
two of them surround you.
They're on either side of you and the third
opens its mouth
and from within you can hear kind of a tinny voice
from deep inside go,
Time is the stronghold
of the strong.
And then the two guys
flanking you lunge.
They strike you quicker than lightning
with their icy blades.
Gay.
And by that I mean
equal.
Dealing
15 damage.
Gay.
Meaning empowered.
Yeah.
Who's going to contain these people?
I run up behind
the recently wounded Sharpie
and I take out my armlet of winter
and do a sleep and snow attack
and then I try to blow them off the bridge.
Yeah, okay.
So, activating your armlet
you whip up the winds
and sleet in a frenzy.
Armlet. It's armlet.
Oh, sorry. I think armlet's clever.
It's cool. You're welcome.
It's like a bracelet on your arm.
Yeah, alright.
Well, I mean that's what an armlet is, right?
Well, is an amulet for your arm?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're an armlet on here.
I know, it is definitely an armlet.
You guys should do a podcast about jewelry.
Armlet.
And with wintry powers
reething your body and surrounding you
you charge headlong
into one of the skeleton dudes.
You miss
but your momentum carries you
skidding on the ice and you tackle
and clumsily, you know, knock into him
and the two of you are kind of sprawled out
on the floor in a heap.
Cute. Yeah.
Can I attack again or am I now open to an attack?
It's now Mulraine's turn.
Alright, I run up and I
where everyone is standing now
is not on the bridge, right?
It's on the other side.
They're like three quarters of the way down the bridge.
Right now you're about a midway
down it so you're standing off a bit.
You're okay.
Well, I run up
to where everyone is. Okay.
I create
flaming armor for a second.
Yeah. I mean how powerful
is flaming armor?
It wreathes you with flames that don't
feel hot to you.
But do they feel hot to an ice bridge
when they're all standing? I'm just wondering if I'm going to destroy the bridge.
Yeah.
I mean, you don't know that.
You just know they're not hot to you.
Maybe fire on an ice bridge.
Well, I mean, you know
that you could deactivate it if it starts
causing problems.
Okay, I'll take your word for it.
Alright.
I mean, can I slide past them?
Like
risky business?
Can I
risky biz slide past?
Yeah, maybe.
That's what Chopper's did in that movie.
He slid past enemies
called a fireplace.
He just slid.
He slid past
his parents' rules.
Like
Yeah, that happens. He slid past.
Oh, he slid past? Okay.
Well, if I've slid past, I create
flaming armor
that's on fire.
Sorry.
On a bridge made of ice.
No, no, I slid past.
Oh, you're still on the bridge.
You're still on the bridge.
Alright.
I'll give them both eye contact this like look
like if it starts to go
bad.
I've got no problem. I mean, it's a bridge made of ice.
It's not like, you know
I mean, what's below the bridge?
Probably heaven, right?
I'm sure there's a lot of ice infrastructure.
Okay.
Melting point of ice.
Somebody asked, what's the melting point of ice?
This pancake theory.
Okay. Okay. This is what I do.
I put on the flaming armor, but I hop.
Okay.
I'm hopping. I'm constantly hopping.
So the fire's not really
making contact with the ice bridge too frequently.
So I'm just hopping along
and hopping and hopping. So it's really just
there's just a slickness. So it makes the bridge better.
Yeah.
So you're on fire and hopping.
I'm on fire and hopping.
And what else? And I fire
I fire a flaming arrow
Okay.
At the
the one in the front.
The one in the front.
Loosing your flaming
arrow, it hits
critically so.
Dealing.
I can't do math.
16 damage.
Oh, shit.
Your hopping seems to be working.
Putting it in Sharpie's turn.
Oh.
Sharpie's in the ice buckets.
Sorry. Well, I've been thinking about this
for a while and
I think a guy died
in the audience.
Okay.
I'm up close to all these guys, right?
Yeah. I'm in their grill, as the
urban say.
All right.
Shocking grasp because I've just had a lot of success
with that and I just
I've just had it up to here.
Having it up to here.
You lose a shocking grasp.
You
shall let me
pass.
Something like that.
Dealing 13 damage.
Nice.
That's a less
than shocking grasp.
Am I still tangled up with the guy that I was
I was close to?
Yeah, you're in a heap.
How high is the railing on this bridge?
There's no railing.
The flat bridge? Yeah.
I just use my brute strength and try to just
grapple them and throw them off the side.
All right.
You grapple them and you have them firmly,
but you can't you can't throw them off.
Right now you're just kind of wrestling with them.
Shit.
I kiss
them just to make it creepy.
Yeah.
Like
right on the base of the
ear.
It's
creepy.
All right.
He is
creeped out.
No, they're not affected by
that, but he neither
does he manage to wrestle you off of a bridge.
So you guys are just kind of locked in a
standstill. Fair enough.
At the same time,
two of those skeleton dudes
that aren't being wrestled
attack. One lunges
towards Sharpie having been shocked by
Sharpie. The other lunges
at Mulraine. I point out
as he's attacking me
that he has no muscle tissue.
That's a lot of muscle tissue.
That he's made
out of pure bone.
No muscle. No muscle
tissue. He's an animated
bone.
Which is lame. He might as well be
rock.
Or a rainstorm.
I want
him to know that I'm not
concerned.
He strikes you dealing
dead.
Are you concerned
now?
You're keeping track
of my hit points, right?
Yeah.
Am I dead?
You have eight left.
Yeah, so I'm like
is that all you got? That kind of thing.
The other one
swings at Mulraine, but she nimbly dodges.
Now it's Mulraine's turn.
Okay,
I'm going to do
I
put my hand near
the face of the monster.
Not on his face because
I don't want to hurt him. I put my hand near
the face of the monster
and I make eye contact with his blue
eyes and I say
I'm
you.
I've similarly
met adversaries who I didn't understand
and I want to say
that I understand you and you can destroy me
if you'd like, but I just
want to understand
and love you and my friends are
good and we won't hurt you. Please
let us across your bridge
also my friend Quirk will blow you
and he will blow
you.
But I'm all teeth.
But meanwhile, like you're in this hug stand
with one of his friends.
While that's happening, I'm still kissing a skeleton.
We both lock eyes
and I'm waiting to hear
see what the response is.
I just want to take it back.
Can I take it back?
I don't want it
to be sexual. I just want it to be human.
I don't say he can blow you, but I do do
my eyes and I go,
No, I don't do that.
I just look at him.
Wait, what do you do then?
You can also attack these fucking
things that are getting us.
I use
my diplomacy
and I
appeal to their
their humanity, their
humanoidity. Their skeletality.
They have skeletons,
right guys?
No, we're all bone skeletons
when the flesh goes away.
Yeah.
He strikes you with his frozen
sword
dealing eight damage.
All right.
You know what? And I look at him
and I say, I get it.
That's fine.
So maybe next time around
he'll...
Turn the other cheek, right?
Yeah.
Sometimes I think that these creatures are you.
I know they're probably not, but
sometimes I think that you're thinking,
Fuck you, Aaron. No, no, no, no.
That's why they're all skinny.
Wait, you want me to blow Spencer?
Spencer, I'm all teeth.
Fun question.
Sharpie, get in the fight.
Yeah, Sharpie's turn.
Heal up.
No, no.
Kick it in the balls.
That's gorging Ray, no.
Ray Frost.
Ray Frost is a level zero
spell that does one to three
damage that I was...
I'd like us to turn it to the Price Is Right.
Forty-nine cents.
The Kiddy Litter.
I don't mind it.
I do appreciate the input, but I do
think I have had the best luck with...
And Dan, we are very close to the end of the show.
So whatever you do,
put a flourish on it.
It zooms into my eye
and then you see my dad
hitting me with a belt again.
And then it comes back out
and you just see...
and this is my gimmick.
It's just...
Choo, choo,
shocking grasp!
And I grab one of the skeletons.
I'm not reinventing the wheel.
Yeah, yeah, you do grab the skeletons.
Dealing.
16 damage.
You hear a sizzling sound
from Deeth within it,
and then it catches fire
and falls to the ground.
Dan!
I say,
uh...
I can't riff one.
Looks like you're...
Have Anatoly help you.
Anatoly?
Direct the last line of this episode.
What would he say right now?
What would you say if you're
killing a skeleton?
That's made of ice.
You can use ice puns too.
Ah, fuck.
I have one.
Fuck!
Thank you for coming to Harmontown.
What's up?
We love you all.
One more time for Erin McGathy
and Spencer Crittenden.
And how about
James Rabaniak
and Gibran.
Anatoly, thank you so much for your good luck
with your studies.
And Alice Rubin is the writer
of the community.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
Dan Harmon, your Mayor, everybody.
We won't be here for you.
I'll see you at Comic-Con,
but we're not going to do a show on Sunday,
so see you the Sunday after next.
But I'll see you in San Diego, I assume, right?
Yeah!
And thank you Farrell Audio
and all of your great content.
Yes, thank you Farrell Audio
and all your brilliant content. Good night.
Thank you!
If I could have your attention, please.
For everyone's safety,
we are now entering full lockdown mode.
You should at this point
be gathered in the dining hall
that is our main assembly point
and safe room.
If any of you are still in the quadrangle
or any of the offices or labs,
please find alternate containment.
Lock yourself in somewhere if you can
and wait for the resistance.
To those of you already assembled
in the dining hall,
I need you all to be sitting on the floor
below window level.
Remain low and quiet.
All the doors and windows should be
automatically sealed at this point.
An enforcement team is on their way
to contain the threat.
At this time, the best thing you can do
is remain calm.
Do not react vocally
if you hear shots fired.
Do not attempt to move the wounded.
If you find yourself
in possession of a weapon,
discard it immediately.
You do not want to cause any confusion
or confusion
for the enforcement team
when they arrive.
Remember the acronym
elbow.
Evacuate,
lock down,
blockade, obey,
and wait.
As always, there is no smoking
in the dining hall.
Shit.
I forgot to mention the closure
of the concourse tube.
I know I forgot something.
I can't go back on like now.
I look like I don't know what I'm doing.
We can't afford to compromise
any confidence people have at me at this point.
Most people don't even know
who the fuck I am.
A kid had to take out a fucking
reconnaissance pod full of officers.
Officers shouldn't be allowed to all ride
in the same pod at once. I've always said that.
But that mostly worked, right, Karen?
I hear all the technical stuff.
When the Kronos was remodeled
a few years ago, the term
quadrangle was replaced with
access square.
Okay, well no one cares about that.
I got everything else correct?
All relevant aspects of the ship's
lockdown procedure were communicated.
Should I have made an emotional appeal?
We'll fight them on the beaches kind of thing?
I mean, I'm supposed to be a leader here.
In situations such as this,
a tone of technical clarity
is usually best.
Well, you would say that. You're a computer.
With an empathy chip as per the
I know, I know, your empathy chip.
Can you try to get hold of enforcement sector again?
The frequency is still
blocked.
Okay, fuck it.
This is Captain James
or Baniak again.
I just want to say that I have
total confidence that
the situation will soon be eradicated.
This ship survived
the Maltan III contamination
when a meteoroid
punched a hole through our main thruster.
We all pitched in.
And last cycle, when the Azalean seized
sector nine, the members of the Kronos
were among those thanked by the OSR Alliance
at their victory statement.
We have been through this before
and we'll get through it again.
That's what we do.
Oh, and by the way, the concourse tube has been closed.
I will provide you with further updates as I receive them.
Most people who do this kind of attack,
they usually kill themselves at some point, right?
Can you get a location
off his internal transponder?
Internal transponder 742
has been disabled.
Of course it has.
It's always the tech guys who go nuts, isn't it?
Christ.
Karen, how many people are in the dining hall?
731.
Okay.
Well,
there's nothing else I can do, right?
We'll just sit tight.
Like I said.
Can you double check the seal on the door?
The dining hall door is sealed.
No, no. My door.
Main cabin.
The main cabin door is sealed.
Thank you, Karen.
James.
Yes, Karen?
I would advise against listening to music at this time.
Thank you for your opinion.
It helps me concentrate.
Any word from enforcement?
The frequency is still blocked.
Of course it is.
Well,
be careful what you wish for.
Not that I ever wish to be a captain.
Do you know how many people had to die
for me to get to this position?
Six.
Six people.
This was never meant to happen.
Some are born great.
Some achieve greatness.
And some have greatness thrust upon them.
That's Shakespeare, Karen.
I know, James.
Of course you know.
Ken, you appreciate it.
Can you appreciate this music, Karen?
Schubert.
Sonata number 20.
D9-59.
In A major.
Movement 2.
Andantino.
I can recognize its calming effects.
Have we reached a singularity, Karen?
I wanted to be a musician.
Karen, calculate the shortest route
from main cabin to emergency escape pod 1.
Calculating.
Exit main cabin.
Turn left down corridor A.
Proceed 6.2 meters.
Lower into officer's hatch
located on floor.
Enter emergency pod bay.
Okay, great.
Thank you.
Are you planning on leaving, James?
What? No.
No, I just wanted to know.
In case we had to evacuate people.
There are 10 emergency escape pods.
Each pod has a 10-passenger capacity limit.
There are currently 730 persons
in the dining hall.
Awesome.
What time does the south bound
to Long Branch leave Penn Station?
Insufficient data
does not compute.
Very funny.
My vital scan
has returned an increase
in your pulse rate, James.
Wait, 730 persons?
I thought before you said 731.
There are currently
730 persons in the dining hall.
And no one can get out or in, right?
That's correct.
Holy shit. This is not good, Karen.
Not good.
Have we heard from enforcement?
Still blocked.
Karen, do you remember
Klavdia?
Klavdia, Rabinovich,
Expeditions Unit,
Biosciences Sector,
Age, 38.
Yes.
I met her
on the observation deck
at the Inorganic Morphons Conference last cycle.
We were both ducking out.
I was supposed to give a talk that night
and I ended up
well, not giving a talk.
We found an unoccupied conference room
and kept the lights off.
No one found us.
A week and a half later,
a week and a half,
the Azalean conflict breaks out
and the next thing I hear,
she's up in a medic unit
on Sector 9,
extensive injuries.
She's lost a foot,
got an infection
and she images me to come see her.
And I come see her.
I go up there.
I bring her real cherry blossoms
from the farm deck.
I mean, they fall apart
in a second in that atmosphere,
but it's the thought.
I walk into her room.
She's in pretty bad shape.
But she gives me a big smile.
And she has friends there.
Family.
Her mom is there.
We've met less than two weeks ago
and I'm meeting her mom.
I'm being introduced to everybody.
Everything was suddenly
really accelerated.
Accelerated.
And after that,
I didn't come back anymore.
I made excuses.
Then I stopped returning her images.
I called the medic center
anonymously a couple times to check her status.
Eventually they told me she got discharged.
And that was that.
I got scared, Karen.
I couldn't commit.
If you are implying
that you are incapable of taking charge
of this command post,
I was built by Halstead Corporation
under specification of the
Intelligence Designation Ordinance
and am programmed to take over
any and all responsibilities of said post
as defined by the revised
charter of the Council of 2063.
In other words,
in the event of the person in command
being incapacitated,
I am able and authorized to take over this ship.
You have been placed in command through a council
of your peers.
Your vital scans are normal.
Your brain scans are normal.
You have sustained no injuries.
Is this information correct?
Yes, it is.
You are not incapacitated.
Are you, James?
No, I'm not.
Thank you, Karen.
No problem.
Internal transponder 742
is back online.
Jesus Christ, where is he?
The intersection of Corridor B
and Dining Hall.
He appears to be stationary.
His vitals are normal.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
How do you want to proceed?
Evacuate, lock down, blockade,
obey and wait.
Those are civilian commands, Captain.
Right. I know that.
There is a level 100
incapacitator located in the
top right console of the cabin desk.
I know that.
I fucking know that.
Please calculate the shortest route
from main cabin to the intersection
of Corridor B and Dining Hall.
Calculating.
And Karen? Yes.
Beethoven, Symphony 7,
Movement 2,
Allegretto.
Accessing.
Exit main cabin.
Turn right down corridor A.
20 meters.
Enter service module.
Proceed to Corridor B.
Proceed 15 meters to Dining Hall.
I need a temporary override
on the electronic reference device.
Access to the tactical airlock.
An open line to orbit com.
Okay. Karen?
Please unseal main cabin door.